SELFLLERY
​
THE SOCIAL PLATFORM FOR VISUAL
CONTENT MONETIZATION

SELFLLERY PTE LTD. ​Registration No.201629242K

Version 2.9
06.03.2018

Contents
About Us

2

1. SELFLLERY Mission

3

2. Digital Photography Market

4

2.1. Digital Photography Market Size Growth

4

2.2. The Problem of Visual Content Monetization

7

3. SELFLLERY Project Description
3.1. YOU Token
3.2. Monetization of Social Activities

9
9
9

3.3. Rating

10

3.4. Charity

10

3.5. Photoquests

11

3.6. Photo Contests

11

3.7. Marketplace for Products and Services

11

3.8. Stock Photo

12

4. SELFLLERY Business Model

13

4.1. AdTech and Targeted Advertising

13

4.2. SELFLLERY Fees

13

5. Token Generating Event

14

5.1. Token Generating Event

14

5.2. Token Generation and Distribution

14

6. SELFLLERY Token Model

17

6.1. YOU Token Circulation

18

6.2. Loyalty Multipliers

19

7. Roadmap

20

8. Core Team

21

9. Advisors

25

10. Disclaimer

28

No Ownership and Control Rights

28

Regulatory Uncertainty

28

YOU Token Investment Status

29

Risk of Insufficient Adoption

29

Risk of Funds Loss

29

Risk of Failure

30

Risk of Using New Technologies

30

No Guarantees

30

11. Contacts

31

1

About Us
SELFLLERY is a multifunctional social platform that allows you to receive rewards in
cryptocurrency for social activities related to publication and distribution of visual
content. The product concept and its first versions were designed in early 2016. The
SELFLLERY reward system uses ERC20 tokens built on Ethereum blockchain technology.

2

1. SELFLLERY Mission
SELFLLERY enables people to make their visual content truly rewarding.
The purpose of SELFLLERY is to create an ecosystem that:
1. Enables users to monetize their photos, videos and live streams in a gamified way;
2. Supports charitable organizations and makes donations easy for users;
3. Provides companies with easy-to-use and effective promotion tools that involve
user photos;
4. Expands the market of photo and video content for companies and news services,
with a convenient search functionality;
5. Integrates modern technologies and capabilities of blockchain into the digital
photography market, increasing the transparency and security of its transactions.

3

2. Digital Photography Market
2.1. Digital Photography Market Size Growth
Due​​to​​the​​surging​​popularity​​of​​smartphones​​with​​built-in​​cameras,​​the​​number​​of​​
digital photos​​is​​growing​​exponentially​​each​​year.​​More than​​1.2 ​trillion​​photos​​
were​​taken in​​2017,​​which​​is​​600​​billion ​more​​than​​in​​2013, and 100 billion more
than in 2016.
Billions of people carry smartphones everywhere, record places and events around them,
and instantly publish their pictures on the Internet. Such photos and video materials may
possess artistic value or be in high demand by news companies, which strive to publish
content on trending topics as quickly as possible. In addition, the quality of cameras in
smartphones is continuously improving, allowing for the creation of content of ever higher
quality.

4

Source: ​
mylio.com

5

Social media platforms are the primary channels for publishing and promoting digital
photos, while at the same time, they are one of the main sources of Internet traffic for
advertisers. Therefore, social media marketing expenses amount to a significant portion of
overall marketing spending in the company. The share of social media spending in
marketing budget is expected to increase from 9.8% to 18.5% over the next five years1:

Source: ​
cmosurvey.org

It is worth noting that the popular photo sharing service Instagram is among the top 20
most visited Internet resources in the world2 and it has about 800 million users. As of
August of 2017, the number of daily users of the service is 375 million, which is 125 million
more as compared to the previous year’s numbers. The graph below shows the monthly
increase in the number of Instagram users (in millions).

1
2

​mosurvey.org
c
https://www.alexa.com/topsites
​

6

Source: ​
statista.com

2.2. The Problem of Visual Content Monetization
Traditional ways to monetize visual content
Throughout history, people have created a huge amount of graphic content including rock
art, murals, engravings, paintings, photographs, etc. This content may possess different
sorts of artistic, historical and aesthetic value, but to date, only a miniscule fraction of
this value has been monetized in any way.
Traditional opportunities for photo content monetization are present only in two forms:
either by placing advertisements on web pages with photos or via direct sale of the
photographs. Both scenarios assume the commercial use of the photograph. Therefore, the
requirements for such content are high, which creates barriers for the authors. For
example, most photo stocks require that uploaded photos meet certain quality standards
(in exposure, lighting, focusing, framing, etc.). When talking about the use of photography
for advertising purposes, this requires a mandatory model release and often demands
professional equipment and the involvement of a team of specialists.

7

Today Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat and Twitter social networks allow users to post a
huge amount of visual content. However, despite the fact that all this content belongs to
users, the multi-billion profits generated by this content are collected by shareholders of
the companies that own these networks.
Here the opportunities for visual content monetization are not provided to the user by
default, but require complex setups where profits are delayed in time.
Using blockchain technology to monetize visual content
There are several services on the market that credit cryptocurrency tokens to their users
for social activity. It works like this: when users receive a Like on their photo or post, they
get a certain number of tokens.
For example, users of Steemit, a decentralized social network, receive rewards in Steem
tokens. Steepshot, and the PhotoSteem applications developed on this social platform,
give users rewards in Steem tokens for the likes they receive on posted photos. Here the
monetization of photo content is limited as the only way to receive tokens is to get likes.
SELFLLERY provides an extensive toolset for user content monetization including:
1. automated rewards in YOU (SELFLLERY money) tokens for Likes received
2. an opportunity to sell photos in stock photo
3. rewards for participating in advertising campaigns
4. prizes for photo-quests
5. rewards for participating in photo contests
6. boosted multipliers for getting into the top-ratings and for frequent social
activities.

8

3. SELFLLERY Project Description
3.1. YOU Token
The SELFLLERY economic model is based on an internal asset, the SELFLLERY money utility
token (YOU token). The YOU token entitles its holders access to paid services on the
SELFLLERY platform, to make purchases in the SELFLLERY marketplace and stock gallery,
donate to charities, and make internal transfers and withdraw tokens to Ethereum wallets.
YOU token transfer happens when users receive Likes (‘Proof-of-Like’). The platform
incorporates a deflationary mechanism, according to which the number of Likes required
to obtain one YOU token is increased every year relative to volume of users. Also, YOU
token generation at TGE will be limited (See ‘Token Generating Event’).

3.2. Monetization of Social Activities
Every user who conducts a lot of activities in SELFLLERY brings value to the platform.
Therefore, SELFLLERY rewards such users with YOU tokens.
Likes
The Like is one of the key metrics in SELFLLERY operations. Likes serve as accounting
records and encourage users to be more active. As users get Likes, they get YOU tokens
credited to their accounts.
Token Multiplier
YOU token amount to credit is calculated automatically based on individual token
multiplier of each user. The multiplier value depends on several indicators including the

9

number of received Likes, the number of comments the user posted, participation in photo
contests, positions in top ratings, etc.

3.3. Rating
Every user is included in the rating system. The Rating is an indicator of popularity, which
is displayed on the user profile and affects the YOU token multiplier. The rating is
influenced by the following factors: the total number of received likes, the number of
comments and views of the user photos.
Also, SELFLLERY automatically lists the top-rated photos in different categories. Moreover,
every day the editorial team selects the best photos to include in the “Editor's Choice”
section. Every time the user photo is included in “Editor's Choice”, or top-ratings, it raises
the author's rating.

3.4. Charity
Every month SELFLLERY donates 10% of its profits to various charities. In addition,
SELFLLERY incorporates a charity program, where any SELFLLERY user can determine the
percentage of donations from their income to a charity of choice.
Participating in various social projects, users receive special badges. Thus, most socially
active users stand out from the user list. Also, users can choose the charity type (for
example, help children or help those affected by natural disasters, donate to educational
programs, medical research, or animal shelters). All charities receive donations in YOU
tokens, which they can withdraw into the currency of their choice. Blockchain technology
used in YOU token ensures transparency and security of such transactions.
To support this social initiative, SELFLLERY will partner with international charity
organizations.

10

3.5. Photoquests
SELFLLERY regularly creates photo quests - single- and multiplayer games for
photographers. In a photoquest, users are tasked with making photos of certain objects,
animals or scenes within a limited period of time. Photoquest may include several tasks
with different levels of complexity. After completing all the tasks, the player can receive
a prize in YOU tokens. In a multiplayer photoquest, several players can participate
simultaneously.

3.6. Photo Contests
SELFLLERY provides advertisers with a marketing tool set that includes games and
contests. The brand or company owner can launch a photo contest between users and
specify custom conditions that would attract attention to the brand. Blockchain provides
transparency of the contest as advertisers will use smart contract to specify the contest
terms and rewards distribution.
Participating in games and contests, users can get additional Likes, increase their photo
ratings and receive rewards in YOU tokens. The reward amount is calculated in the
following way: the more participants enter the contest, the larger the prize pool.

3.7. Marketplace for Products and Services
SELFLLERY users get access to the SELFLLERY marketplace where they can purchase
related products (cosmetics, selfie sticks, smartphones, etc.) and services (cosmetic
procedures, plastic surgery, photo prints etc.) with YOU tokens or other cryptocurrency.
Suppliers are required to complete authorization process. Supplier catalog will show their
ratings, escrow and reviews.

11

3.8. Stock Photo
SELFLLERY provides a multipurpose stock photo to upload and sell digital photos. Payments
in the stock gallery are made with YOU tokens. All stock gallery users are required to
complete verification.

12

4. SELFLLERY Business Model
4.1. AdTech and Targeted Advertising
SELFLLERY serves as an AdTech platform for companies and individuals who want an
effective way to promote their products and services to platform users, or buy photos for
use in advertising campaigns.
SELFLLERY offers the following advertising models:
●

CPA - cost per action (pay per user activity)

●

CPC - cost per click (pay per click)

●

CPV - cost per view (pay per view)

Advertisers and brands are also provided with the functionality to run promotional
campaigns with users. Using this tool, advertiser can specify custom campaign conditions:
the number of participants, the reward fund amount, the minimum number of views and
Likes of the user's page, the requirements for a photograph, etc. If a user’s page meets all
the requirements, the user automatically receives a reward in YOU tokens. Also,
advertisers can launch photo contests with several winners and specify prizes not only in
YOU tokens, but also an advertiser's merchandise from the SELFLLERY marketplace.

4.2. SELFLLERY Fees
SELFLLERY charges a fee for the following services:
1. Sale of products and services in the marketplace
2. Sale of photos in stock gallery
3. Advertising campaigns, photo contests, photo quests
4. Promotional smart contracts
13

5.
​

Token Generating Event

5.1. Token Generating Event
Token Generating Event (TGE) is an event when anyone can become the owner of YOU
tokens. A token is a code element, which is used in the SELFLLERY platform operations to
enable internal payments between its users.

5.2. Token Generation and Distribution
Initially, YOU tokens are generated during the TGE based on the Ethereum platform.
Buyers receive YOU in exchange for Ethereum (ETH) tokens by sending a payment to a
smart contract that generates YOU tokens. The smart contract address will be published
on official SELFLLERY website one day before the TGE start.

YOU token price: 1 YOU = 0.001 ETH
The minimum goal (soft cap): 10 000 ETH
The maximum goal (hard cap): 55 000 ETH
Minimum purchase amount: 0.1 ETH

TGE will have two stages: pre-sale and main sale. At the pre-sale stage, YOU tokens are
offered only to whitelisted buyers, whereas during the main sale tokens can be purchased
by anyone. During pre-sale, early buyers can buy YOU tokens at a discount. For discounted
YOU tokens, the minimum purchase amount is set at 10 ETH and tokens are locked up for
at least one month after the main sale ends.

14

Pre-sale discounts and vesting schedule
Pre-sale

Discount

Vesting Schedule (starting
from the main sale end
date)

Phase 1: $200,000

25%

50 days

Phase 2: $300,000

20%

40 days

Phase 3: $500,000

15%

30 days

YOU Token buyers receive their tokens immediately when a ETH smart contract
transaction in processed. Token rewards for bounty program members, advisors, project
teams, as well as tokens for the reserve and reward funds are distributed only when the
TGE is completed.

The bounty program tokens are distributed to the program members on the TGE end date.
Advisor tokens are locked in for one month from the TGE end date, while the project team
tokens are locked in for six months. Tokens for the Reserve and Reward Funds will be sent
to specified addresses on TGE end date. Addresses will be published on the SELFLLERY
website one day before the TGE end date. These funds, together with YOU tokens
collected during TGE, will be available for use by the SELFLLERY project team from the
moment these Funds are set up, and the team will report on spending on their blog.

15

The Reward Fund has been established to support early users during the first year of the
SELFLLERY platform operation. Until SELFLLERY gains enough advertising funds, the
Reward Fund tokens will be used to reward users for Likes, to recognize most active users,
to congratulate winners in photo contests, to attract popular bloggers, etc.

Users who register and actively use SELFLLERY during the TGE main sale will receive an
additional multiplier for the monetization of their visual content. With this additional
multiplier, once the platform launches the reward payments, users will start receiving
more YOU tokens for the Likes they get.

As SELFLLERY is a social platform, most of the collected funds will be spent towards
attracting new users and developing product features.

Spending ETH tokens collected during TGE (except for Reserve Fund) will be controlled by
a smart contract that will release and transfer funds to the project team according to the
completed roadmap milestones. In light of recent industry news3, which shows a human
factor hindering the successful implementation of the project, escrow will not be
involved.

3

https://www.coindesk.com/tezos-founders-ico-controversy-will-blow/

16

6. SELFLLERY Token Model

17

6.1. YOU Token Circulation
The YOU token circulation scheme depends on the type of ownership.
When YOU tokens are owned by SELFLLERY end users:
1. YOU tokens are generated during TGE
2. Users buy YOU tokens on TGE or on the open market (after TGE ends).
3. Users utilize YOU tokens to pay for additional SELFLLERY features, to buy
specialized products in SELFLLERY marketplace and other users’ photos in
stock gallery, and also on charity.
4. When users pay for additional SELFLLERY features, YOU tokens are
transferred to SELFLLERY and then distributed according to the current plan
for SELFLLERY platform development. When users buy other users’ photos in
stock gallery or specialized products in the marketplace, YOU tokens are
transferred from buyers to sellers, excluding the SELFLLERY fee.
When YOU token is owned by SELFLLERY advertisers:
1. YOU tokens are generated during TGE;
2. Advertisers buy YOU tokens on TGE or on the open market (after TGE ends);
3. Advertisers utilize YOU tokens to pay for targeted advertising on SELFLLERY;
4. YOU tokens (excluding the SELFLLERY fee) received from advertisers are
distributed among all SELFLLERY users according to their Likes volume and current
user rating; Besides paying YOU tokens for targeted ads, advertisers can award YOU
token prizes to users who win photo contests or complete promotional photoquests.
The YOU​​token​​supply​​is​​limited.​​Every

day,​​at​​a​​certain​​time,​​SELFLLERY​​

distributes​​the​​daily​​reward​​fund​​among​​all​​users​​who have received​​Likes​​in​​the​​
last​​day.​​YOU ​tokens​​are​​distributed​​among​​all​​active​​SELFLLERY​​users, since​​all​​
of​​them​​are​​SELFLLERY​​contributors,​​and​​not​​only​​those​​whose​​pages​​host​​ads.​​
The

more​​people​​use​​SELFLLERY,​​the​​more​​value​​it​​brings​​to​​the​​platform.​​

Therefore,​​every​​user who​​receives​​a​​Like,​​deserves​​a​​reward.

18

To avoid cheating, for unverified users the total number of likes per day that he or she can
give is limited. After verification number of likes per day that user can give is unlimited.
SELFLLERY provides users with YOU token accounts, where they can make instant internal
transfers (offchain transactions) in YOU tokens without any fee. Also, users can withdraw
their YOU tokens from their SELFLLERY token account to their Ethereum wallets with a
miner fee.
The development strategy of SELFLLERY user reward model includes implementation of
smart contracts that allows advertisers to use not only YOU tokens, but also ETH and other
ERC20 tokens to reward users. Once these smart contracts are introduced, advertisers who
pay with YOU tokens will receive a discount.

6.2. Loyalty Multipliers
SELFLLERY has a loyalty program to reward their most popular users. When they are
rewarded for Likes with tokens, their YOU token amount is calculated with a progressive
loyalty multiplier, which increases the total number of tokens received.

19

7. Roadmap
Q1 2016

Idea
Product Concept Definition

Q2 2016

Alpha Version of WEB App
Alpha Version of Android App

Q3 2016

Closed Testing of the WEB App
Closed Testing of the Android App

Q4 2016

Beta Version of Android Application
User Testing of the Service

Q1 2017

Market Research and Analysis
WHITEPAPER Preparation

Q2 2017

Economic Model Validation
Advisor Consulting

Q3 2017

Preparing for Pre-sale Launch

Q4 2017

Pre-sale Round A
Pre-sale Round B

Q1 2018

Pre-sale Round C - Already Raised $1,014,728
Staff increase
iOS application release
YOU Token Generation Event

Q2 2018

Launching a large-scale marketing campaign
Growing user base
Photo contest module release
Charity donations module release

Q3 2018

First 500,000 users
Development of tools for advertisers
Photo Stock module development
Advertising platform launch

Q4 2018
>FUTURE

Marketplace module development
AdTech technology development
Copyright verification module development on Blockchain
Photo authenticity approval module on Blockchain

IN 3 YEARS

1 billion SELFLLERY users

20

8. Core Team
Vadim Onishchenko - CEO
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vadimonishchenko/
https://www.facebook.com/Onishchenko.Vadim
Vadim is the founder of the SELFLLERY platform. He is a professional
photographer with ten years of experience in the IT field. SELFLLERY is a
synthesis of his improved skills. Its meaning is globally changing the
attitude towards visual content.
Victor Laushtan - CBDO
https://www.linkedin.com/in/victorlaushtan/
https://www.facebook.com/VictorLaushtan
Victor is a Business Development Officer, with experience in market and
product research and competitive analysis. He also has in-depth
knowledge of sales and marketing content development. In addition, he
holds experience in communications with industry analysts and knowledge
of company and product presentations at industry events.
Rami Khodorovsky - Project Manager
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramikhodorovsky/
https://www.facebook.com/RamiKhodorovsky
Rami is a specialist in information technology and search marketing. Has
more than 12 years of practical experience in marketing and development
of IT-technologies, mainly in the promotion of large WEB-projects and
search engine optimization. Rami has solid knowledge in creating and
maintaining groups in social media.

Evgenyj Zarechnyj - CTO
https://www.linkedin.com/in/evgenyj-zarechnyj/
https://www.facebook.com/evgenyj.zarechnyj
Evgenyj is the backend and web developer with more than 15 years of
experience in software development. He developed his own MVC
framework in PHP, and wrote anti-keylogger in C++. He has solid
knowledge in project architecture, as well as programming skills in
JavaScript, C++, PHP and node.js

21

Sergey Kuznetsov - Senior WEB Developer
https://linkedin.com/in/sergeykuznetsov4
https://www.facebook.com/sergey.kuznetsov.99
Sergey is qualified PHP developer with strong knowledge of Javascript and
AngularJS, and in integrations with various APIs. Developed a system for
generating PDF reports for the evaluation system, the results of the
project were used by such services as: Alfa Bank, Beeline, Yota.
Participated in the development of an electronic trading platform.

Anastasiya Shteppa - Senior Product Designer
https://linkedin.com/in/shtpp
https://www.facebook.com/anastasiya.shteppa
Anastasiya is a professional graphic designer with more than 7 years
experience in UX \/ UI design and branding. In SELFLLERY team she`s
responsible for the upcoming redesign of the main site, landing pages, and
all marketing materials. Also she has skills in A\/B testing, ATL and BTL
marketing and wide experience in all cycles of launching new products to
the market.

Yana Mizernyuk - Head of Marketing
http://linkedin.com/in/yana-mizernyuk/
https://www.facebook.com/yanina.mizernyuk
Yana is a qualified marketing with more than 4 years in Marketing,
Business Development, Event and Partnership Management. She has taken
part in launching IT projects and startups, attended many conferences,
and opened new coworking spaces. Her skills are centered in areas of
digital activity, marketing, partnership communication, startup launching
and personnel management.

Vladislav Nikitenkov - Chief Marketing Officer
https://www.linkedin.com/in/vlad-nikitenkov/
https://www.facebook.com/vlad.nikitenkov
Vladislav has more than 5-year experience in promoting brands, launching
marketing companies. He has been doing marketing in the promotion of
ICO, TGE and ITO projects for over a year. Vladislav is the СEO of the
leading marketing agency ADDIVINE, with more than 20 employees. He is
also the founder of the media about the crypto currency The Coin Shark.

22

Tatiana Skydan - Editor-in-Chief
https://www.linkedin.com/in/tatiana-morozova-skydan/
https://www.facebook.com/prostoramma
Tatiana is a media-expert with more than 15-years experience in radio
and publishing, PR, communications and creativity. In SELFLLERY team she
acts as editor-in-chief who is responsible for every word spoken on behalf
of company.
Ira Yetskalo - Business Development Officer
https://linkedin.com/in/yetskalo
https://www.facebook.com/Yetskalo
Ira is professional Business Development Officer. She has more than 3
years experience in business communication, strategiс partnership
communication and team-leading. Her knowledge and skills makes her
good expert in communicating new product developments to prospective
clients and following up new business opportunities.

Kate Dubov - Communication Manager
https://www.linkedin.com/in/kate-dubov/
https://www.facebook.com/katie.dubov.1
Kate is a skilled Communications Manager with experience in business
communication,

lead

research,

partnership

strategy,

media

and

advertising resources communication. She is involved in preparing
Kickstarter campaigns, including making all PR-tasks, data collection, SMM
- content, financial calculations, negotiating with company partners, and
document translation.

Hasan Nafi Akalın - Media Explorer
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hasan-nafi-akalın/
https://www.facebook.com/multia17
Hasan Nafi was born in Turkey and studying in Ukraine, with 5 years
learned market research media strategy and completed the construction
of today. Hasan is a Media explorer, interestingly he catch them and
benefit, he gives a different angle to the Team. Succesful in two-way
communication, document translation and digital activities.

23

Vladi Krakovetskyi - Board Advisor
https://www.linkedin.com/in/krakovetskyi/
https://www.facebook.com/offic
Vladi is a motivational speaker, entrepreneur and world traveler. He has a
higher technical and economic education, obtained in VNTU (Vinnica
National University Of Technologies). Vladi’s professional experience:
Organizer of Smart Techno™, CEO&Co-founder of ABCname™ and
Lemniscate.Capital Foundation, Managing Partner and Co-Founder of
Worlax Graphics LTD, Technical Director at MIG Robotics, Co-founder of
ChatBot Community Ukraine, COO of Startup Association Ukraine-Israel,
Managing Partner at Robo House.

Sandra Mikheeva - Account Manager
https://www.linkedin.com/in/Sandra-Mikheeva/
https://www.facebook.com/alexsandra.mikheeva
Sandra is a Account Manager with a big experience in analysis trends on
markets to generate and select relevant content. She’s professional in
ideas hunting — monitoring relevant sources, competitors, substitutions to
select the best ideas to implement.

24

9. Advisors
Motti Peer
https://www.blonde20.com/team/motti-peer/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mottipeer
Motti holds an MBA in Finance and Marketing from Manchester University. As
Co-CEO of Blonde 2.0, he is responsible for handling the Public Relations
aspects, strategy and crisis management. He served as Chief Instructor in
LOTAR the IDF's School for Anti Terrorism. He’s also a mentor and a lecturer at
the Executive MBA program of Tel Aviv University, Michlelet Afeka, and IDC's
entrepreneurial program. Motti is a member of the board of directors at the
Taub Center. Forbes named Motti one of the Startup Nation's "Movers and
Shakers".

Jason Hung
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jasonhung-earth/
Jason is a serial entrepreneur and inventor in mobile business, blockchain
ecosystem, digital marketing, AI and ERP related business. He is the co-founder
of Treascovery, Chidopi and TimeBox, and the advisory board of BitRewards,
BlockLancer, ICONIC, AIDA, EZPOS and Suchapp. He has more than 20 years
proven track record on managing RD, IT, sales, consulting service with 9
technology related patents which using at more than 2000 Apps. He was also
formal PeopleSoft and JDE solution head in Greater China. He is also a
blockchain expert of ICOBench and International Blockchain Consulting
Announcement Group.

25

Amarpreet Singh
https://www.linkedin.com/in/amarpreetsingh2/
Amarpreet is a professional with 10 years of experience in Tech\/Digital
industry. His specialties are: Technology Consulting, Operations, Cloud
Computing, Fintech, Innovation, ERP, Machine Learning, Account Management,
Partner Development, Business Development and Strategy. He holds three
Masters degrees from top business schools in Asia, has lived\/worked\/studied
in India, Singapore, France, China, South Africa, Korea, Canada etc. He has
worked with Microsoft, The World Bank, Airbus etc.

Nathan Christian
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nathan-christian-90365414a/
Nathan is a technical expert in Blockchain-based accounting and financial
applications. He is a Serial entrepreneur with over 35 start-ups in his portfolio.
He is deeply entrenched in the blockchain space and has made it both his
career and life passion. He is an accomplished blockchain and Fintech
international speaker and is a top 10 ranked member of the ‘People of
Blockchain’. He is also diversely skilled in ICO strategy, development, venture
capital investment, consulting and advising. He has his MBA from the Ohio State
University and is always seeking to help mentor those in blockchain industry. A
few of his current top ICO advisory projects include; TraDove, Friendz,
Omnitude, Moonlite, VeriMe, BitRewards, and LedgerScore.

Reuben Godfrey
https://www.linkedin.com/in/reuben-godfrey-1a18055/
Reuben has worked in sales, business development, finance and operations
roles for major multinationals and start-ups in the tech, telecoms and
pharmaceutical industries globally. He has worked as a journalist and is
frequently interviewed and asked for comment by tech and mainstream media
as well as speaking at and hosting seminars and conferences. He is co-founder
the Blockchain Association of Ireland and the Irish Chamber of Commerce in
Slovakia with an ambassador role on the GDPR Awareness Coalition and on the
NSAI National Mirror Committee to ISO TC 307.

26

Boris Otonicar
https://www.linkedin.com/in/boris-o-46842231/
Boris Otonicar has a Masters degree in Economics & Psychology from University
of Zurich. Currently he is doing a certificate as a Blockchain Specialist BVS. He
advised different ICOs like Coinlancer, Districts and Coinloan. He is very
interested in Blockchain and develops his own Blockchain models and Smart
Contracts.

Roman Kravchenko
https://www.linkedin.com/in/romankrav4/
Roman Kravchenko is a blockchain expert who positions himself as a
CryptoDiaspora evangelist. He is fond of traveling and sharing his experience as
a speaker at thematic conferences around the world. His alma mater is the
Donetsk National University, where he obtained Master’s degree in Economic
Cybernetics. Professional experience: Assistant of the Department “Applied
Mathematics and Informatics”, Chief Technology Officer in Agri Eye, Project
Manager in ITC R&D, Chief Technology Officer in Remme and 482.solutions

Nazar Polyvka
http://axon.partners/team/nazar-polyvka-co-founder/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/nazar-polyvka-6133037/
Nazar Polyvka is an expert in legal advice. He is a co-founder of Axon.Partners,
a law firm that serves technocratic business. He specializes in high-tech,
intellectual property, venture investment, electronic and crypto currencies,
e-commerce and media. Nazar holds a Master’s Degree in Law Science from
NaUKMA (National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy). His professional
experience was formed while working with companies such as Foyil, Arzinger,
KM Partners and Juscutum. Nazar and his team at Axon.Partners provided legal
advice to such ICO projects as: TAAS Fund, DMarket, DreamTeam, DAO.Casino,
Oracles Network, Hacken and others.

27

10. Disclaimer
This​​document​​is​​intended​solely​for​​informational​​purposes​​​and​​isn't meant to
be a solicitation or an offer to invest in our​​platform.

No Ownership and Control Rights

Ownership​​of​​YOU​​tokens​​does​​not​​grant​​its​​holders​​the​​right​​of​​ownership​​or​​
the right​​to​​share​​in​​SELFLLERY.​​YOU ​tokens​​do​​not​​give​​the​​right​​to​​
participate​​in decision​​making​​about direction and development of SELFLLERY​​
business. However,​​the​​opinions​​of​​token​​holders​​and​​platform​​users are very
important and​​can​​be taken​​into​​account​​when​​such​​decisions​​are​​being​​
made.​​YOU ​tokens​​can​​be​​used​​as an​​internal​​currency​​within​​the​​project​​to​​
purchase​ ​ products​ ​ and​ ​ services​ ​ from

companies​ ​ represented​ ​ in​ ​ the​​

marketplace,​​and​​to​​pay​​for​​contextual​​advertising​​or premium​​accounts​​in​​
SELFLLERY.

No Income or Profit Guarantees
All examples of income and profit calculation in this document are presented only to
demonstrate the average, empirical indicators of the industry. They do not
guarantee that these results will be achieved according to the marketing plan.

Regulatory Uncertainty

​Blockchain​​technologies​​are​​subject​​to​​supervision​​and​​control​​by​​various​​
regulatory bodies​​around​​the​​world.​​There`s a risk that all digital tokens, as an
asset, may fall under heavy regulation and restrictions, that may limit the
functionality of YOU token or even make it impossible to use. We see it as a highly
28

improbable course of action, but if it happens, we aren't responsible for its
consequences.

YOU Token Investment Status

​
The​​YOU ​token​​is​​not​​a​​certified​​or​​legally​​binding​​investment.​​Due​​to​​
unforeseen circumstances,​​the​​objectives​​set​​forth​​in​​this​​document​​may​​be​​
amended.​​Although we​​intend​​to​​accomplish​​all​​the​​objectives​​described​​in​​
this​​document,​​all​​persons and​​parties​​involved​​in​​the​​purchase​​of​​YOU ​​
tokens​​do​​so​​at​​their​​own​​risk.

Risk of Insufficient Adoption

Although​​YOU​​tokens​​should​​not​​be​​seen​​as​​an​​investment,​​they will have
some value​ ​on the cryptocurrencies market. SELFLLERY team can't and won't
influence the tokens` market price, which depends solely on the proportion of supply
and demand, and also on the use frequency. Their​​value​​may ​increase due to high
frequency of use and high demand, and​decrease​​when used not often.

Risk of Funds Loss
​
Funds​​collected​​in​​the​​TGE​​process​​are​​not​​insured.​​In the case​​of​​token loss​​
or​​decrease​​of​​the token​​value,​​token​​holders​​are​​not​​provided​​with​​a​​
private​​or​​public​​insurance representative.​

29

Risk of Failure

Even though the SELFLLERY team is highly confident that the project will be
successful, working additional shifts and spending countless hours and resources to
achieve all goals, these goals may be not achieved due to some reasons beyond the
control of the team.

Risk of Using New Technologies

Crypto-tokens, such as YOU tokens, are a new and unverified technology. In addition
to the risks mentioned in this document, there are additional risks which the
SELFLLERY team cannot foresee. These risks could materialize in other forms not
specified in this document.

No Guarantees

​Registration on SELFLLERY platform or YOU token purchase is a voluntary action and
the project team doesn’t take any responsibility for this action or its consequences.
After​​emission,​​YOU​​tokens​​are sent to​​users​​without ​any​guarantees, including
guarantees of increase in value. Some jurisdictions do​​not​​allow​​the​​exclusion​​of​​
implied​​guarantees,​​and​​the​​above exceptions​​to​​implied​​guarantees​​may​​not​​
apply​​to​​you, but we still put it here in order to avoid any monetary claims from
investors and users.

30

11. Contacts
Token Generation Event: ​https://tge.selfllery.com
MVP:​​https://selfllery.com
Smart Contract:​​https://github.com/SELFLLERY/selfllery-tge

Contact US:​​https://selfllery.com/support
Youtube Channel:​​https://www.youtube.com/SELFLLERY
Presentation Video:​​https://youtu.be/sJDuHji2N50
SELFLLERY - TOKEN SALE on Telegram ENG:​​https://t.me/SELFLLERY_EN
SELFLLERY Official Channel on Telegram:​​https://t.me/SELFLLERY
Facebook:​​https://www.facebook.com/SELFLLERY/
Linkedin:​​https://www.linkedin.com/company/SELFLLERY/
Bitcointalk:​​https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2759497
Medium:​​https://medium.com/@SELFLLERY
Reddit:​​https://www.reddit.com/user/SELFLLERY/
Twitter:​​https://twitter.com/SELFLLERY
Instagram:​​
https://www.instagram.com/SELFLLERY/
SELFLLERY PTE LTD​. ​Registration No.201629242K

31

